Update rs-7-4-2-54.md (#3145)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-7-4-2-releases/rs-7-4-2-54.md

    - When retrieving the value of the current policy using [`GET /v1/cluster`]({{<relref "/rs/references/rest-api/requests/cluster#get-cluster">}}), both fields are returned for backward compatibility.

- Port 3345 is now reserved for internal use.

> - Type of `progress` field returned by [`GET /v1/actions`]({{<relref "/rs/references/rest-api/requests/actions">}}) request modified from 'integrer' to 'float'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Type of `progress` field returned by [`GET /v1/actions`]({{<relref "/rs/references/rest-api/requests/actions">}}) request modified from `integer` to `float`.
```
